# Tente forêt (suite de l'event lié n°29) (en vers)

After more ample explanations from the merchants, they ask you to choose their next stop, because they don't know well the region. They ask you to load in obviously, to ease you the road. You decide so to choose a .... place :

:evergreen_tree: Forest

:mountain_snow: Mountain

:homes: Urban

:woman_farmer: Country

:sweat_drops: Wet

NRF
<br/>
<br/>
:evergreen_tree: 

1 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a forest area. (Event : 1)

2 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a forest area. (Event : 11)

3 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a forest area. (Event : 17)

4 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a forest area. (Event : 23)

5 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a forest area. (Event : 31)

6 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a forest area. (Event : 32)

7 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a forest area. (Event : 40)
<br/>
<br/>
:mountain_snow: 

1 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a mountain area. (Event : 2)

2 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a mountain area. (Event : 8)

3 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a mountain area. (Event : 12)

4 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a mountain area. (Event : 19)

5 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a mountain area. (Event : 21)

6 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a mountain area. (Event : 24)

7 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a mountain area. (Event : 38)
<br/>
<br/>
:homes: 

2 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 15)

3 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 18)

4 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 20)

5 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 26)

6 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 27)

7 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 34)

8 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 36)

9 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 39)

10 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 41)

11 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards an urban area. (Event : 45)
<br/>
<br/>
:woman_farmer: 

1 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a country area. (Event : 7)

2 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a country area. (Event : 9)

3 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a country area. (Event : 14)

4 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a country area. (Event : 22)

5 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a country area. (Event : 30)

6 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a country area. (Event : 32)
<br/>
<br/>
:sweat_drops: 

1 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a wet area. (Event : 6)

2 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a wet area. (Event : 16)

3 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a wet area. (Event : 29)

4 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a wet area. (Event : 35)

5 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a wet area. (Event : 42)

6 : The shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a wet area. (Event : 44)
<br/>
<br/>
NRF

1 : Because of your innactivity, the shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a place more accessible than you, in order to make you react a bit more (Event : 3)

2 : Because of your innactivity, the shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a place more accessible than you, in order to make you react a bit more (Event : 4)

3 : Because of your innactivity, the shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a place more accessible than you, in order to make you react a bit more (Event : 5)

4 : Because of your innactivity, the shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a place more accessible than you, in order to make you react a bit more (Event : 25)

5 : Because of your innactivity, the shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a place more accessible than you, in order to make you react a bit more (Event : 28)

6 : Because of your innactivity, the shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a place more accessible than you, in order to make you react a bit more (Event : 37)

7 : Because of your innactivity, the shopkeeper transports you in his cart towards a place more accessible than you, in order to make you react a bit more (Event : 43)
