(As you walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, you... oh wait :kappa:)


As you walk through the Kings' Valley's iconic desert, you notice an oasis.
Your throat is parched by your travels, so you run to the small pool of water, and drink from it. As you are drinking, a peal of laughter erupts, startling you. You turn around, and end up facing a bearded old man, his face hidden under a large hood. He tells you his name's Xirtex, and he resides in this oasis. He then offers to welcome you in his home so that you can recover from your journey, and share your mishaps.

🍖 Accept and join him

💸 Accept and rob him in the cover of night

❌ Decline the offer


🍖 

1/ You follow the old man to the tent he calls home, and let him serve you a strange mix which, he assures you, is a delicious peyotl soup. Out of courtesy, you drink it. In just a few moments, the effects of this demonic soup reveal themselves to you : your vision becomes filled with a gaudy and dazzling dreamworld, and everything sways. Suddenly full of fright regarding the mad hermit, you flee in the nightly desert. As morning comes, you wake up to an atrocious headache. The peyotl's effects will take some more time before truly fading away.
sick 🤢

2/ You follow the old man to the tent he calls home, and share a meal around a bonfire, all the while he tells you his story. He explains that both his brother and himself are the only survivors of a disaster that befell their family, and they afterwards separated to live as hermits. You feel deeply touched by their story, and another hermit whith a name starting in "X" floats to your memory... The desert is freezing cold as you fall asleep next to the fire, along with the hermit. By morning, as you wake up, you find a beautiful scorpion in one of your shoes. You get rid of it, and continue your travels. 
(neutral)

3/ You follow the old man to the tent he calls home, and share a meal around a bonfire, recounting your adventures. After getting your fill and thanking the hermit, you resume your desert-traveling activities, traversing the meandering dunes of the nighttime desert.
(+30hp)

💸

1/ You let the man guide you to his tent, and covertly pick up a big stone, while behind him. You then powerfully smash the back of his hooded skull. The hermit collapses, and blood spills on the cracked earth of the oasis. You let the corpse lay there and focus on the tent. Inside, you find jewel-sets chests, and a great variety of items. You leave with a sizeable sum of money, as well as an hastily-chosen item. You quickly resume your walk across the desert, unwilling to be associated with the murder.
(+item, +750$)

2/ You let the man guide you to his tent, and covertly pick up a big stone, while behind him. As you prepare to hit him with the rock, the hermit suddenly turns around, taking out a dagger from his sleeve, and manages to profoundly slash open your torso. You run aways immediatly, trying your best to contain the bleeding. As you flee, you hear demented laughs escape from the crazed hermit's mouth.
(-40hp)

3/ You follow the man as he guides you to his tent, and with much stealth, pick up a big stone. You then powerfully smash the back of his hooded skull. The hermit collapses, and you suddenly feel deeply remorseful. You bandage the old man's head, lay him down on his mat, and wait for him to recover. Once he wakes up, you apologize profusely, and give him some money as compensation for your wicked act.
(-20min,-250$)

4/ As you follow the oldster, you pick up a stone. However, stealth is not your forte, and the hermit quickly picks up your suspicious silence. Guessing what's going on, he repudiates you from his kyutchen with a transcendental punch.
(neutral)


❌

1/ You politely decline the hermit's offer, and continue crossing the desert.

2/ Catching on to your hesitation, the old man takes your arm and guides you to his tent. He gives you some tea, and you chat with him while sipping the drink. A little while later, you bid the old man farewell, and resume your journey.

3/ You decline his offer, but, as you start walking again, he interrupts you and starts rambling about some random nonsense. After a bit, you find him a tad too strange and, thinking he might be laying a trap, you chose to stop his unending monologue and get out of there as fast as possible. 
(🕐-10 min)

END 1 : This person seems really suspicious, and his approach his deceitful. As he reach out with his arm, concerned about your wellbeing, you abruptly shove him into the water, before hurrying away from the oasis. 

END 2 : Seeing you unresponsive, the old man feels vexed, shouts at you and throws a bunch of sand to your face, before going away. Blinded, you go towards the small puddle of water and rinse your eyes of the sand. A few minutes later, you feel better and continue on your planned road. (🕐-5 min)
