# Descent into hell

After some time you finally arrive at a village where some supposed unholy creatures or cultists are at work... After investigating the place for a couple of days, you finally find a lead. There are reports of weird sounds and sightings of black hooded figures entering and leaving the granary's basement. It seems these men, heretics, are to prepare a dark ritual in a basement beneath the granary.

:crossed_swords: Face the cultists
:smiling_imp: Aid the heretics
:loud_sound: Tell everyone about it
:person_running: Get quickly out of there

.........

:eyes:  You chose to simply watch the fireworks and stay to see the village fall in despair, leaning against a tree just outside the village. But even after midnight nothing happened. It seems these supposed "cultist" are just a fraud and you take your leave. [ :clock2: 5h ]

:eyes: You decide to watch the granary from the local tavern, but get distracted by some delicious ale and beer. You get black out drunk and lose your spirits. Upon waking up, you notice that they simply tossed your unconscious body onto the road and that you are a few coins lighter. [ :zany_face:- drunk ; -50 up to 200 gold ]

:eyes:  Deciding not to do anything you enter the local tavern and rent a room for the night. But during your slumber, black clothed figures attack you, beating you into submission and robbing you. They leave you bleeding on the floor and warn you to never snoop around in their affairs again, or else..... [ :head_bandage:  -6h ; -30hp :broken_heart: ; -200 up to 400gold ]

:eyes:  Since you are already there, you think to yourself, why not go buy some supplies? You wander around the local market, visit the local black- and armour smith. After some time, you actually find something. [ :clock2: -1h ; + low rarity item; - 50 gold ]
:crossed_swords: Some black robed figures are standing in a circle with feathers and blood everywhere. When attempting to strike one down, you hesitate. As these men are just ordinary cockfight betters and no cultists. But the men notice you , and out of fear, all gang up on you, bringing you down and afterwards legging it. [ :confounded: - 40 min. ; -10hp :broken_heart: ]

:crossed_swords: Upon entering the room a stench of mortifying rot washes over you. Blood and gore is spread all around the room and some sort of red mist creeps around. Everything probably began to rot days ago. You can't stand the sight nor smell and flee from the place feeling sickened to the core.  [ :nauseated_face:  - 6h]

:crossed_swords: When opening the door, you find three black robed shapes about to sacrifice a maiden. You quickly draw your blade and cut these unworthy sub-humans down. Casting the blood stained blade aside, you rescue the damsel in distress and get her outside. The next day, you are celebrated as a hero and protector from evil. [ :clock2: - 6h ; +120up to 240 gold]

:crossed_swords: Upon entering the downstairs', you find yourself surrounded by oddly shaped wooden statues, twisted in some crude demeanour, horrors of the unknown made of wood. But there are no cultists. After investigating the creepy room, you find a box with something inside..... [ :clock2: - 15 min ; +100 up to 200 gold / item ]:smiling_imp: You find some black clothed figures in said basement. It seems they are no cultists, but ordinary people betting on cockfights. You join them and bet on the red painted gamecock, which, in the end, lost. Rendering you a few coins lighter. [ :clock2: - 30 min ; -50 up to 100 gold]

:smiling_imp: You find some black clothed figures in said basement. It seems they are no cultists, but ordinary people betting on cockfights. You join them and bet on the blue painted gamecock, which actually won in the end. A few coins richer, you leave the men to their games and depart. [ :clock2: - 30 min. ; +75 up to 125 gold]

:smiling_imp: You meet 4 black hooded men in the basement. After convincing them to let you join them, they reveal their plan of sacrificing the local folks' life force to a Devil they worship, which you happily help with. You and the cultists sacrifice a virgin maiden and some animals. In addition you spread their innards all around the room. But nothing happens. After wasting your time you angrily stomp away..... [:clock2: - 3h]

:smiling_imp: You meet 4 black hooded men in the basement. After convincing them to let you join them, they reveal their plan of sacrificing the local folks' life force to a devil, which you happily help with. You are about to sacrifice a maiden, when suddenly a load of guards swarm you. They apprehend you and the others, strip you down, and throw you in jail. [ :lock: - 24h ; -300 up to 500 gold] <- unlikely event
ðŸ”Š Without checking it out yourself, you start running around the village like a madman, telling everyone that they would die if they stayed. A wide spread panic ensues and everyone starts leaving the perimeter . But after some time nothing happens and some aren't very pleased with your wicked prank. They gang up on you, beat you up, and rob you. [ ðŸ¤•  - 6h ; -30hp ðŸ’”  ; -200up to 300 gold ]

ðŸ”Š You tell the guards that there are some evil doers hiding beneath the granary plotting something. They follow up on your tip and investigate. Some minutes pass and another guard approaches you. It seems there were some heretics about to kill a fair maiden and, thanks to your hint, she was saved. He hands you a small pouch, shakes your hand, and departs afterwards. [ ðŸ•‘ - 15 min. ; +100 up to 150 gold ]

ðŸ”Š After telling everyone about the dark misfortune that is about to hit the village, everyone packs up their stuff and stays just outside of it in the forest. When suddenly an earthquake hits and panic ensues. You help the guards with calming the masses, which, after some time, quiet down. You are thanked for the warning and given some coin. [ ðŸ•‘ - 1h ; +50 up to 125 gold]

ðŸ”Š You attempt to convince everyone that they are in danger, but the folks are having none of it and simply ignore you. You try for several hours and then decide to let it rest. Continuing on your journey without a care about the stubborn people from the village. [ ðŸ•‘ - 2h ]
ðŸƒ Even after uncovering the dark machinations you decide to abandon the helpless folks and leave them to their demise. [ ðŸ•‘ -10 min. ]

ðŸƒ You sprint out of there, unknowing when the whole village is swallowed by death. In your hasty escape, you trip and fall down a ditch.  [ ðŸ˜–  - 40 min. ; -10hp ðŸ’” ]

ðŸƒ After dashing out of the village you take a short rest to catch your breath. While doing so, you are approached by some armed black robed figures. It seems they didn't like you snooping around the village. They draw their arms and attack. Catching you off guard and exhausted, they beat you unconscious. [ ðŸ˜µ - 12h ; -50hp ðŸ’” ]

ðŸƒ You make it out of the cursed village alive. After some time, you stumble upon a beautiful piece of untouched land. You can see a waterfall and multiple tame carnivores. You decide to commune with nature and meditate under the stream of falling water. After an hour you feel energized and continue your journey. [ ðŸ•‘ - 1h ; +20 hp â¤ï¸ ]
