# The passage
## Après avoir combattu des loups pendant un longue et dure nuit, vous décidez de rentrer dans une ville non loin de là pour vous reposer et soigner vos blessure. When trying to enter the town, 2 guards are in front of the door, and one of them spit out on your shoes. And doesn't like strangers. What will you do ?

:man_shrugging: Explain them what happend last evening

:x: Get away and try somewhere else

:muscle: Force the passage

:money_with_wings: Give them some money so they let you in

:beer: Offer them a good beer

:detective: Try to steel them

:man_shrugging: Explain them what happened yesterday evening and that you need to take some rest, and have some care, you are only passing and nothing else. The guard understant you and let you in. You eat what you need, and have some rest in a hostel. (money -100, health +20, time 3h)

:man_shrugging: You explain what happened yesterday evening, but the guard doesn't trust you because there is usually no wolfes around, you show them your injuries but they still don't trust you. You leave and try in an other city not far, hoping they will let you in. In your way you find an object that could be useful (objet plus 1)

:man_shrugging: You explain them what happened, but they looked at each other a weird way. One of them took advantage to hit you and sun you. you wake up without your wallet, and start walking again (argent -200) :man_shrugging: You explain what happened last night. The doesn't trust you because there are usually no wolfes in the surrounding. You show them your injuries, the guards are surprised, you aware them because new wolves could come back. You advise them to aware the king to make patrols outside the city, to keep an eye on others packs. On your advices the guard let you in, and one of them follow you. You go get some rest, and have some care (temps -3 heures, argent -75)

:x: Understanding that they doesn't like stangers is this city, you prefer not to take any risks, and try in an other town nearby.

:x: Disappointed, you get out, but you fall on the ground because of the pain of you injuries. One of the guards approaches, and see that you are an adventurer in a bad shape. He takes you to the emergencies, and you wake up a few hours later, in a bed, and all you injuries are cared. You pay the doctor, and go back on your way. While going out, you see the guard that helped you, and give him some money (argent -300, temps -3 heures, vie +15) :muscle: You watch the guards determinated to explain them that you need to see a doctor. You decide to force the way even with you injuries. The guard not being very strong, you control them and make them fall on the ground before breaking in. You go get some care, and get out before being in troubles (vie +15, money -50)

:muscle: You are determined to break in, even injured, but the guard are stronger than you, and makes you fall on the ground instantly, and let you a chance to run away. You go somewhere else, hoping to get some care (neutre) :money_with_wings: You need some care, but you have quite much money with you. You offer them some money if they take you see a doctor. One of them accepts the offer. You get some care, pay the doctor and the guard, and start walking back. (argent -50, temps perdu 30 min)

:money_with_wings: You give some money to both of the guards, and they let you in withou any troubles. You enter the town, get some care, and when going out, you see a little object that could be very useful. (temps -30, argent -50, vie +15, +objet) :money_with_wings: You give them some money, but the guards took advantage of that and stole your wallet, before to stun you, and let you a bit further on the path. (vie -5, argent -200) IronGab 10/06/2020 :beer: You offer them a beer in the best tavern of the town if they let you in. The guard accept. While having a beer with them, you talk and you sympathize with them. You laugh with them, and noe of them gives you an item that will be very useful in your quest. (argent -50, temps -15 min)

:beer: You offer them to pay them a beer if they let you in, but the guard decline you offer, refusing to drink during the service. You go back walking.... (neutral)

:beer: You offer them to pay them a beer in a good tavern of the town if they let you in. The guards accepts, and while having a drink you sympathise with them.  Sadly, the captain of the guard, and some of his man came in the tavern, surprising the two drunk guards. He orders to put them in jail, and you explain him that it is your fault, but the captain tells you that those are two acoholic guard that never do their job since a while, and they only drink. He refunds you, and let you go without any problems. (temps perdu -1h) :detective: You talk a bit with the guard while bribing them. You manage to steel them some money and a very useful item. (argent +50, +objet) :detective: You try to steel them, but the guards see your hoax, and threat to arrest you if you don't give them back what you stole. You give it back, and give some money to excuse yourself. (argent -60) :detective: You steeling attempt doesn't stay unseen, and one of the guard hits you, and puts you on the ground. (j'hésite si on peut mettre aussi une ou on finit au cachot ?) vie -10 (End)

:person_walking: Vous regardez pendant un quart d'heure les gardes droit dans les yeux avant que l'un d'eux ne vous demande ce que vous avez, vous reprenez la route

:person_walking: Vous regardez dans la direction des gardes quand vous entendez des cris de loup, vous demandez au garde de vous laisser rentrer en leur montrant vos blessure et votre aventure de la nuit passé et vous font rentré à l'intérieur pour vous soignez (vie +20 argent -60)
