# The boar
## :evergreen_tree: You walk along a long sinuous path, on your way to your next stop. After a while, you arrive at the edge of a large forest in which you enter, wishing to break the bore of the past few days, spent only by walking along a path. After a short walk, you find yourself face-to-face with a boar. It seems relatively unfriendly.

:cookie: Try to coax it with a cookie

:dagger: Unsheathe your sword

:clown: Tell it a joke

:cookie: You take a biscuit out of your bag, and offer it to the boar. Wary at first, he doesn't wait long to approach and to eat it. Having engulfed it in a few seconds, he rubs with you. You interpret this as a sign that he wants more, and you offer him three others, that he swallows as quickly as the first. So happy, the boar begins to dig a hole in the ground, and you see an item appearing in the hole. Think it was his way of thanking you, you caress him, take the object, and go away... However, it follows you until you get out of the forest. (item)

:cookie: You take a biscuit out of your bag, that the boar totally scorns! He stares at you for a few seconds, then leaves. You get back on your way.

:cookie: You take a biscuit out of your bag, and offer it to the boar. Probably starving, it rams on you and steals it out of your hand, scratching you in the way. Not satisfied with this single biscuit, and because you are still laying on the ground after its charge, it opens your bag in search for food. It eats everything that it can, breaking a part of your belongings in the process. Once satisfied, it goes away... you wait a couple of minutes, then leave, disgusted (-250$, -25hp)


:dagger: You are about to take your weapon out, but the boar comes on you before you are able to do anything. You fall down, hurt. (-25hp)

:dagger: You get your sword out and as the boar rams into you, you stab it. You take its corpse and enjoy its golden meat on the fire. You will need to digest before you continue on your road. (+20hp, -2h25)

:dagger: The boar prepares to attack you when a knight appears and make it run away. You thank him warmly and offer him some coins. (-150$)

:dagger: The boar prepares to attack you when a knight appears and make it run away. You thank him warmly and offer him some coins. Him finding you nice, he refuses the money and offers you an object as a goodbye present. (+item)


:clown: You tell a joke to the boar... which doesn't seem to pay attention to what you're saying. You go on your way, a little dissapointed.

:clown: You tell a joke to the boar.... which seems to appreciate it. Indeed, it trembles as if it were laughing. Just after, it slowly goes away, and you follow it. When it stops, a corpse is laying next to it. You strip it, and leave, whistling. (item, +250$)

:clown: "There’s two fish in a tank, and one says : How do you drive this thing ?" is all you managed to improvise. Seeming to find you pitriful, the boar gets ouf fastly.


(end) :boar: You look at each others for a few minutes, until the boar looses his interest for you and go somewhere else
