# Castle treasure hunt
## While walking, you see a castle far from you, it seems abandoned. Being hungry for adventure, you decide to enter. At first sight, it is deserted. You are going to explore it when a detail catches your attention. Curious, you crouch down and discover a piece of parchment in a corner. A message is written on it, you decrypt it with difficulty, it indicates the location of a treasure in the castle. A noise interrupts your thoughts.

:arrow_right: Run to the right wing of the castle

:arrow_left: Move to the left wing of the castle

:arrow_heading_down: Turn around

:detective: Hide yourself


:arrow_right: You are speeding up to reach the stairs when someone appears in front of you. In surprise, you fall and twist your ankle. The stranger made excuses for his actions, he was an adventurer who travels the castles in search of precious goods. To compensate, he offers you one of his items (hurt + item).

:arrow_right: When you arrive at the right wing, you discover a luxurious room. Gold coins are dispersed everywhere. You take a long hour to pick up everything, then you leave with a full purse.  (+ money; waste of time)

:arrow_right: You reach the right wing when the ground collapses under your feet. It was a trap! Robbers rob you of your purse. You finally leave with your pockets empty. One of them dropped a bag in the escape, you approach it to open it. You discover scraps of meat. You cook it all and it lifts your mood. ( lost money; gain of life )

:arrow_right: Arrived at the right wing, you find indeed a chest. After some difficulties to open it, you discover with surprise a considerable amount of money as well as an item which can be useful to you.  (item+ money)


:arrow_left: Without further thought, you head for the opposite wing to the one indicated. But the castle is big and you end up getting lost in this labyrinth. You come out after turning around for a while. (-1h)

:arrow_left: You reach the left wing, out of breath. You follow your instinct and open a door on your right. This one creaks to open on an empty room. It is while moving forward that you discover an item in a corner of the room. You take it, it will be useful for the adventure. (+ item ; waste of time)

:arrow_left: Not following the instructions of the scroll, you go to the left wing. You move cautiously through the corridors, trying to locate your position. It is then that a light smell reaches you, you let your sense of smell guide you. You then arrive in what must have been a kitchen. You can see traces of fire in the chimney, an indication of a recent visit. You step forward, hand on your dagger, and discover a leftover meal. You gulp it down, it gives you a boost of energy (+ life). You then retrace your steps and find the exit without too much difficulty.


:arrow_heading_down: You rush to turn back, that noise not telling you anything good. You leave without having explored the castle but decided to continue your adventure. (neutral)

:arrow_heading_down: You turn around when a group of travelers approaches you. They invite you to share their meal, and you accept their generous offer. Full, you leave not without having thanked them with a few coins. ( money lost ; health gain)

:arrow_heading_down: You are heading for the exit when you hear another cracking sound. Your curiosity sharpened, you head towards the source of the noise when you felt shaking. The castle being in ruins, falling rocks starts, you run towards the exit but not fast enough, and you end up injured. (hurt)


:arrow_heading_down: You take the exit and fall in front of another adventurer, you warn him about the noise. The source of noise came from him, he apologizes flatly. You talk to him about the parchment. You decide to search for the treasure together, and after many searches in the castle, you finally find a chest containing gold. You then split the money in two and the adventurer invites you to eat with him. It gives you strength. After a good moment spent chatting with him, you fall asleep, full and happy. (waste a lot of time + money, +item,+health)


:detective: You take refuge behind a statue just in time to see intruders searching the castle. With these away, you rush to get out when you fall over debris. Attracted by the noise, the looters see you quickly and rob you. You leave, the purse light. (money lost)

:detective: You hide in a corner and wait. Wrong alert, it was only birds. You emerge from your improvised hiding place as your foot sinks slightly into the ground. You stoop down, curious, and discover a small cavity. You put your hand in and come out with an object. What a chance! You take it before continuing on your way. You lost 30 minutes. ( + item, -30 min )

:detective: You crouch to the ground without a sound. Footsteps are coming closer. You wait in the shadows until everything is silent again. After an intense stress, you fall asleep on the floor. (-3h)

:detective: You hide in a gap in the wall for about ten minutes. You don't hear anything more and decide to leave for safety.  (-10 min)

do not answer: 1) You stand there, the noise is probably due to your imagination. You contemplate the piece of parchment for a few moments. You leave the castle and continue on your way. Thinking about what just happened, you don't notice the wolf trap at your feet, and it closes on your leg. Injured, you will have to heal yourself. (hurt)

2) You wait a few moments before placing the parchment in your pocket. Suspicious, you decide not to follow these indications. You turn into the staircase that goes down on your left. After a few minutes of walking in the underground, you discover the caves of the castle. Some old wine boxes are there. You drink in several bottles and collapse to the ground, drunk. (drunk)

3) You stay alert for a few moments, then admire the architecture of the building. A new noise is heard and you decide not to stay long. You simply walk out of the castle and get back on the road. (neutral)

4) A new noise is heard but you do not pay attention to it. Then you see drops of water falling from the ceiling as you come out. Lost in your contemplation, you do not see the puddle in front of you, and slip into it; (loss of life)