# Tente forêt (en vers)

While your forest trip towards the town, you cross a marquee, with a welcoming shopkeeper standing still ahead, calling upon you to come in buy his products.

:white_check_mark: Enter in the tent

:x: Do not enter in the tent

NRF Do Nothing

<br/>
<br/>
:white_check_mark: 

1 : After entering in the tent, the shopkeeper at the entrance closes the opening, leaving you with his 3 fellows, less welcoming. They ask you a certain amount in order to let you go. Not wanting fuss or beatings, you pay them. You go on, poorier than before. (--money)

2 : On the tent's table, you notice some items seemingly attractive. One of those items appeal you more than the others, you wonder to buy it. The shopkeeper proposes you an attractive price, which you accept immediately. Glad of your deal, you continue your trip. (+objet -money)

3 : While coming in the marquee, you realize that it is dark. You sink in it and see a man sat at the table, he's waiting in order to discuss with you. (Linked event : 10029)

<br/>
<br/>
:x:

1 : You kindly refuse the shopkeeper's proposal, and continue your way, exited to arrive at the next town. (nothing)

2 : Wanting to let you inside the tent, the man pulls you by the arm and knock you out. ( :head_bandage:  , Linked event : 10029)

3 : Wanting to let you inside the tent, the man pulls you by the arm and locks you up in the marquee. Inside, 3 merchants, trying to sell you petty gewgaws. In order to restart quicklier, you hastily buy one of their items. Glad that they made a deal with you, they reopen the tent, and let you go. (--money, +objet)

<br/>
<br/>
NRF

1 : His speech voodoo you to the point of not reaction. You let drag you in the tent. 3 merchants inside explain you that they're black dealers, selling organs and transplants to poor from the capital. Then, they jump on you, without you being able to react, and bone you to collect your vital organs. You die there, feeling the gaping hole inside your chest emptied of their kidneys, liver, and other money springs in you. (os, --money) 

2 : Continuing to walk straight, you ignore the shopkeeper's words, confused. You however continue your journey without pitfalls. (nothing) 

3 : Your steps more attracted by the tent than the road, you go in the marquee. The 3 merchants inside explain you that their chief is dead recently by wolves further and they're looking for someone to inherit of their superabundant goods. Your hand slide weirdly in the direction of the signature's sheet, marking that you become the heir of a new item and lots of money. Finally cleared, the sellers fold up the tent, and you continue your way, happy of the luck you've gotten. (+objet, ++++money)
