
You are looking for an artefact. You covet it because, according to legends, it offers wealth and power to its owner. After your quest has led you to a tower that is supposed to contain the treasure, you find yourself face to face with a knight in armor blocking the entrance. The latter stays impassive in spite of your injunctions...

⚔️ Fight the knight

🤝 Meet him

⚔️ Ready to fight, you come closer pretending to want to discuss an arrangement. Close enough to your enemy, you draw your sword and lunge at him. Unfortunately for you, the knight was on the lookout and has colossal strength which he uses to disarm you before pushing you back to the ground.
(neutral)


⚔️[2] Ready to fight but barely knowing your opponent, you approach under the pretext of wanting to discuss a settlement. Close enough to your opponent, you draw your sword and lunge at him. The knight barely has time to react when you knock him out with the knob of your sword.
It's not enough. You strike him a second shot, and this time he falls down on the ground. Then you try to open the tower door, in vain. You check whether the guard has the key, but he does not carry it. And so you leave, disappointed.


⚔️[3] Ready to fight but not knowing much about your opponent, you approach under the pretext of wanting to discuss a settlement. Close enough to your enemy, you draw your sword and knock him out with the knob. Then you try to open the tower door but it is locked. Therefore, you search the guard and quickly find a key. You open the door, once inside, you have no difficulty to find the artefact. You find a marchant after searching for one hour. This one buys you the artifact for the modest sum of five hundred gold pieces.
(-1h, +500 gold)


⚔️ [4] Ready to fight but not knowing your opponent, you come together on the pretext of wanting to discuss an arrangement. Close to your opponent, you draw your sword and knock him with the knob. Then you try to open the tower door but it is locked... You search the guard and quickly find a key. You open the door, inside you don't find any difficulty to find the artifact. So you go in search of a merchant and find one easily. He steals the artifact with a skillful move, but you also reach to steal one of his objects. Hoping that this one has value, you look at what it is.
( +item )


⚔️[5] Barely knowing your opponent, you approach with the excuse of wanting to discuss an arrangement. Once close enough to your enemy you draw your sword to stun him with the knob. Unfortunately for you, the knight was far stronger and faster than you. The knight runs at you, makes a right hook and pushes you back by hitting you in the stomach with his foot before hitting you with a powerful uppercut. On the ground, on the edge of fainting, you are not able to get up.
( -70 hp, injured )


⚔️ [6] The knight brandishes his sword to intimidate you. In front of this colossus, you hesitate to flee, but decide to stay. You will fight this knight although your chances of defeating him are low. Your opponent blocks your blows one by one without making the smallest effort before knocking you to the ground. Disarmed, on the ground, you know the fight is over. It is then that the knight tells you: "You are very brave, so here is your reward." He gives you an item before moving to the entrance of the tower.
( +item )


⚔️[7] Ready to fight, you quickly lunge at your opponent, drawing your sword. The knight barely had time to draw his weapon before you came on him. At this moment you realize your mistake. He has an armor, not you. So you try to knock him out with the knob of your sword, several times. It seems to have confused him and you get ready to try again. But before you can do it, your opponent injures you at the leg. You are on the ground, unable to get up. The knight moves over you and raises his sword. You close your eyes, and hear your own scream.
( one shot 💀)


🤝 You start talking to him, and find him very nice. You gradually steer the discussion towards his role here, he explains that he is the tower's guardian. You ask him if it is possible for you to enter, but he refuses. You get back on your way.


🤝 [2] You engage the discussion and talk for several minutes. The knight didn't say a word. Understanding that he will not talk, you abandon any discussion as you leave.


🤝 [3] You engage the discussion, the knight immediately orders you to move on. You don't want to leave, but as soon as he shows you his sword, you don't hesitate any longer.


🤝 [4] You start a discussion but the knight stays quiet. Understanding that any attempt to dialogue is useless, you leave.


🤝 [5] You start a discussion and spend over an hour with the knight. You gradually steer the discussion around the artefact and enjoy in advance your oratory skills. The knight goes away to get the artefact while you, obsessed by your triumph, do not notice the person behind you until he stabs you in the back. You fall to the ground.
( -80 hp, injured 🤕 )


🤝 [6] You engage the knight in discussion and attempt to sympathise for over an hour. He does not want to let you pass by in any way. With no other choice, you draw your sword and attack him. With no other choice, you draw your sword and attack him. The knight, insensitive to your blows thanks to his armor, hits you violently in the face before knocking you out with a stroke of his knob.
( -30 hp, injured 🤕 )


🤝 [7] You start a discussion and sympathize with the knight. You gradually steer the discussion around the artefact and enjoy in advance your oratory skills. The knight, convinced that you are worthy to possess it, goes to fetch the artefact for you. He brings it to you, as promised. You thank him and go looking for a merchant. You manage to sell it for the modest sum of five hundred gold coins.
( +500 gold )


End 1 - You watch the knight, not knowing what to do about this colossus in armor. Finally, you get back on your way.


End 2 - You watch the knight, not knowing what to do about this colossus in armor. Taking your courage in both hands, you face him in a duel...
and are miserably defeated by him. Injured, you crawl back and find a shelter where you can rest.
( -40 hp )


End 3 - You watch the knight, not knowing what to do about this colossus in armor. You suddenly have an idea, you wait until the night and be in total darkness before you discreetly go towards the tower. The door is closed, the knight gone. You climb the tower and enter by a window. You rummage through it from top to bottom but find nothing except food. You eat on site and take as much as you can. This good meal has restored your strengths, you are now feeling better than ever.
( +30 hp )


End 4 - Not knowing what to do, you engage the discussion and sympathize with the knight. You gradually get the discussion on the artifact and enjoy your speaker talent in advance. The knight, convinced that you are worthy of possessing it, will get you the artifact. He brings it to you, as promised. You thank him and go to search for someone to buy it. You see what seems to be a merchant, but it was a thief shooting you an arrow in the leg. He steals the artifact from you and runs away. Blessed and helpless, you watch him running away with your loot.
( -20 hp, injured )


End 5 - Not knowing what to do, you engage the discussion and sympathize with the knight. You gradually get the discussion on the artifact and enjoy your speaker talent in advance. Against all expectations, when you ask him about the artifact he refuses. Not wishing to bother him, you do not insist more and talk to the knight a little before you get back to your path.
