After hours of walking through Celestrum Forest, you finally see a building near a river that looks like a ruined house. While approaching discreetly, covered by trees, you make a quick observation of the place. Hearing what appears to be an animal cry coming from inside the house, you understand that the building is inhabited. You decide to knock at the door. It is an old man with a disturbed expression who opens the door. He then speaks to you in an unintelligible quick way and panics slightly, however, you still understand that his name is Parziter and he needs your help :

🔒 Offer to become his guinea pig

🦉 Offer to take care of his pet

🧪 Ask him to teach you how to concoct potions

🔒 The man thinks for a long time but ends up declining your proposal not wanting to have a burden on his conscience if ever something should happens to you. Following this announcement, you understand that the man seems to no longer have all his mind and decide to resume your path. (Neutral)

🔒 The old man thinks about your proposal, then rethinking about the last potions he has concocted, thinks this is a good opportunity to test them. He therefore accepts your offer and asks you to drink several beverages as well as to describe the effect they have on you. However, when you had just consumed the fifth, you collapsed sickly to the ground. :nauseated_face:

🔒 The old man decides to accept your proposal without hesitation and even promises you a few golds as a reward for these tests. But a few minutes later, you drink a strange mixture that makes you totally drunk. Then, you try to walk a bit but collapse to the ground, a devilish smile on your face. You feel strangely well despite your bleeding. Seeing that you are no longer useful to him, the disappointed man kicks you out and refuses to give you your reward. (-15HP / :zany_face:)

🔒 The man accepts and asks you to put yourself on a strange pedalling machine. After a few minutes of effort, a potion comes out of the wall magically ! You drink it and a few moments later you feel full of energy, pushing you to brave a thousand dangers for the rest of your adventures. (+25HP)


🦉 The man accepts joyfully and gives you his owl with pleasure as well as some instructions to follow so that you take good care of his companion while he goes to look for provisions for the days to come. On his return, the animal is doing wonderfully and the man, grateful, offers you to stay for dinner. You finally leave after the delicious meal he served you, now feeling perked up for the rest of your journeys. (+20HP, -1h25min)

🦉 The man accepts with pleasure and takes the opportunity to go for a little walk. Unfortunately for him, you take advantage of his absence to steal some money and an item that you might find useful later. On his return, the scientist discovers his devastated home and decides to go looking for you, in vain. Annoyed, he finally resumes the concoction of his potions, swearing not to forget you. (+250 gold, +item)

🦉 The man hesitates for a few moments but ends up refusing your offer. Indeed, caring for his animal, he does not wish to entrust it to a stranger and thus take the risk of losing it. Realizing that you will therefore be of no use to the scholar, you decide to resume your journey. (Neutral)

🦉 The man gets scared and starts to panic at the idea of ​​letting his animal to you. Misunderstanding your good intentions and thinking you want to harm him, he grabs a billhook and uses it to threaten you. Frightened and fearing that the situation will get worse, you decide to coax the scholar with a handful of gold coins. Once calmed down, the man, still confused, urges you to leave. So you go on your way, even before having been able to recover from your emotions. (-50 gold)

🦉 The man hesitates a few moments, then finally decides to accept your proposal and go get provisions for the days to come. On his return, he notices that his owl is doing well and to show you his gratitude, he decides to offer you something that will be useful for your adventure. (+Item)

🦉 The man thanks you for your offer but insists that he does not own a pet. You are however convinced to have heard an owl but not really understanding the situation and not wishing to get you in trouble, you resume your journey without asking any more questions. (neutral)


🧪 You ask the man if he can teach you how to brew potions. He answers positively and gives you the secrets of some of the beverages he has. Using your new knowledge, you craft an elixir believed to have invigorating properties. Once the preparation is complete, you drink the full mixture without hesitation and feel the benefits only a few moments later. You warmly thank the man for the time he has given you and then resume your journey. (+40HP, -1h)

🧪 You ask the man if he can teach you how to prepare potions. He answers positively and gives you the secrets of some of the beverages he has. Using your new knowledge, you craft an elixir believed to have invigorating properties. Once the preparation is complete, you drink the full mixture without hesitation and... absolutely nothing happen! Furious, you leave immediately while grumbling about having wasted your time for nothing with this charlatan. (-2H)

🧪 From the moment you broach the subject of potions, the man becomes very distant, begins to get angry and categorically refuses your request, claiming that the concoction of elixirs requires a very substantial knowledge that you surely do not have. Before you can learn more details, the man armed with a billhook asks you to leave, which you do without hesitation, not wishing to annoy the scholar any further. (Neutral)

🧪 Understanding your request, the old man offers for a few golds to show you how to concoct an "invigorating" potion. Unconfident with this man, you refuse his offer and leave. (Neutral)

🧪 The man understands your request and would like to help you, however he claims that he doesn't know how to make potions. Disappointed, you therefore resume your journey. (Neutral)


END - You stay there, without moving. The man gets impatient and seeing your empty eyes shuts the door on your face, grumbling that he has no time to waste on nonsense. 
(Neutral)

END - You stay there, unmoving. After looking at you for a long time, the man understands that you will be no use to him and therefore asks you to leave. So you resume your journey. (-10m)

