# Idée Chanson Ménestrel (eng version)

**While crossing a small village, you found the most famous menestrel of the region, called Perotin. His is so good in his work, that he wanted to let you live a song, because of his powerful drugs. Having the degun of going talk to him, he would like you to choose the following theme. What do you suggest ?**

**A : Sing a crazy love**

**B : Sing a dull and redondant**

**C : Sing about the royality, and the power in place**

**D : Sing about the menestrel work**

**E : Sing about life, and heroic history**

**NRF : do nothing**

<br/>
<br/>

A1 : Immediately asked, immediately done. You find yourself in a bed, undressed, and the person next to you looks like your lover. Watching at yourself, you see that you are attached on the bed and... you're missing your legs and arms. You can only move with your torso. Seeing your distress, Perotin ends his song with "all this was just a dream", and you are back as before. You will however need to take a rest (3 hours).

A2 : Immediately asked, immediately done. You find yourself in the sea, far from everything, with your only crew member, your lover. Arriving at a desert island, you find a cross on the floor. It is a treasure, full of a nice loot, and containing a very useful item. Greed and stinginess were right, you choose to leave the island alone. While coming back, you found Perotin, singing to get the money found there, as a gift. After those adventures, you start walking again, in with your item. (+item)

A3 : Knowing you heroic quest to save the princess, the menestrel decided to sing a song about one of the possible following of you adventure after saving her. But not knowing much about you relationship with the princess, if prefered to tell the story of "The old and the fake monster", in which you are the monster of course. Already knowing the synopsis, Perotin succeeded to not change you, probably because of the under dosage of his drugs. Having not entered in the story, you thank him for this beautiful story, and continue you trip, aware of this useless waste of time.

<br/>
<br/>

B1 : Taking your words back, you find yourself in an old monastery, in the countryside. Your lover and yourself are staying in this dingy place, harvesting just enough food to survive. You fulfill yourself in this story, due to the overdose of the drugs, that you don't see time going forward. Waking you up, after a few minutes, Perotin tells you that the drugs makes the use feel a few minutes, but those are monthes. Fortunately, or you would be dead of old age. Meditative, you continue your trip. (6h)

B2 : Not understanding your wish, for an uncolored love, Perotin thinks that you are depressive, he then chooses to sing a comforting song, to get you rid of this suddent depression. This song made you feel very well. (+20hp)

B3 : Seeing you knowing the unpasionned love, the menestrel makes you a song in which your lover is yourself. Having a big disagreement with yourself, the menestrel stops the song, and ask you a compensation for the figth that you have in front of his fans. Still in the story, you thought you were leaving yourself, which makes you be sad. You then go away, leaving some money to Perotin. (-money)

<br/>
<br/>

C1 : The menestrel loving his homeland of ever, fills your request and singed the dukes. The duke of the next region came this way, and heard this soft melody, cradleling his heart. At the end of the song, he rewards you with a big gold bag. (+++money)

C2 : The menestrel, hating the actual power, by his song decides to make a revolution. He take you with him, drugs you, and makes you think that the rest of the people are on their way to the king's room. Unfortunately, one of the string of the mandoline bearks, and the music stops. You however are in the king's room, alone, with a fork. You immediately get arrested for madness. (:lock:)

C3 : Perotin, knowing a bit your story to save the princess, decides to make you live the view of her mother for a day, so that you learn a bit more about this distressed woman. But the queen's life is boring for you, and appart from some gossips and thoughts of woman on her child, you don't get any usefull informations because of thet fact that those are caused by magic drugs of Perotin. At the end of the day, you take your body back, and continue your trip. (neutre)

<br/>
<br/>

D1 : Perotin, sad of this request, decides to make you live the role of menestrel in the song and... You see yourself arriving, to ask your choice, but you force yourself to sing it, and it loops for a long time. At a moment, our favorite menestrel stops the song, and give you the antidote, to this hallucinatory poison. Affraid of what just happened, and of the duration of this loop, you run away to know what time is it. And... it's the evening now. (8h)

D2 : Perotin, nostalgic, decides to tell his beginnings in the profession in his song. He tells how his master gave him his melodious lessons , and his softening drugs. You feel this sweetness in the teacher's words that inhibits you with all your being. At the end of his last lesson, Perissien, Perotin's master, decides to give you a present, as he had received from his predecessors, but to prevent this magical instrument, this mandolin, from leaving you since its beginnings, Perotin changes the end of the song in order to give you an object that could be useful to you for the rest of your adventure. (+objet)

D3 : The excellent menestrel Perotin decides to tell a dream he would like to live, whether real or hallucinated: at the beginning you are alone, in the village alley, with your guitar. You sing for yourself the joys of the work and the sadness of life, when a monarch passes in the main avenue. This one, hearing the beautiful melody, comes towards you and asks if you could create a song for him on the theme of his love. At the end of your sweet ballad just made up, he thanks you and gives you a big bag of gold, considering that this man was real. Happy with this music, you decide to share it with Perotin as a donation. (++argent)

<br/>
<br/>

E1 : This famoud bard, not knowing much about the adventurer work, decides to tell a simple trip in a forest, like you know well. Disappointed about this song, and about Perotin, you choose to continue your adventure. (5min)

E2 : Perotin decides to make you live the moment at which you asked him to sing the song. The problem, is that the drugs are so real that you answer the same thing you did, and the menestrel always does the same. It then created an hallucinating-temporarely loop, because of the talents of Perotin, and your stupidity. Perotin, the only concient of the scene that you live with him had mercy for you at the end of the day and released you from this bad drug. (8h)

E3 : Perotin decides to make you see the future, whether it's real or only fiction of your mind, and by the occasion let you earn some money : you get yourself around an old abandonned castle. Looking around you, you find a passage full of traps. You finally avoid all of them, and find a big treasure room. But our favorite menestrel, before the end of your looting, run away with all your booty, leaving you with the main chest, which contains much money, and a surprising item useful to save the princess. Amused, you continue this funny adventure, still a bit under the influence of this drug, called in the acid domain γ-hydroxybutyrique. (++argent, +objet, :nauseated_face:)

<br/>
<br/>

NRF1 : The menestrel, seeing you not answering, ignores you and restart singing basic songs. You then continue your way. (neutre)

NRF2: Seeing you not reacting, the menestrel, decided to earn money, at his risks, and seeing in you the perfect cobaye, decides to drug you and to bring you in the dark nearby alley. There, he starts to sing you a song about laboratory torture, in which you are hangman. Having the force of doing this experimentation, taking place in a perfect way on this beautiful pig, the menestrel, or in your hallucination your boss, decides to give you two objects in award. To continue this, waiting for you to come back as normal, Perotin taked the most valorous item, and leave you with the other item, which will be useful for your adventure. (+objet, :confounded:)

NRF3: Seeing you not reaction, Perotin decides to drug you, so you reveal what you think about by talking, to see if something happends. He doesn't see anything there, even in the most deep of them. Panicked, he calls guards, to arrest you, for madness. (:lock:)
