🌳 Probably because of the big storm of yesterday, a tree has fallen on the small path where you are walking. His trunk does 3 meters of thickness. It's blocking you the passage.

🪓 Cut down the tree and continue

🧗 Climb the tree

🚶 Pass by another path


🪓 You take an axe from your bag and cut down the tree. It took you 30 minutes to clear your way! (-30m)

🪓 You begin to cut down the tree and take a long time to cut the totality of it. You go to the nearest village, borrow a wain and his horse and carriage, come back to the forest, and load the cut wood in the wain, come back to the village, and sell it to the cabinetmaker. It's only after all that you discover that a wain and his horse and carriage are more expansive than the wood of only one tree!

🪓 You want to cut down the tree, but you realize that you don't have any tool. So you decide to climb the tree and did it without problems. You continue your road. (-6h, -250$)

🪓 Then you were going to cut down the tree, you realize that you forgot an important detail when you took this decision: you don't have any tool to do it! Disappointed, you retrace your steps.

🧗 You decide to climb the tree because you think that it's the faster way to do it. In a few seconds, you are in the other side, free to continue your way.

🧗 You climb the trunk, however you are not enough careful: you wounded yourself with the rough tree's bark and fall. You have to retry your climbing. At the second time you did it, but your hand is very painful. :head_bandage: (-15hp)

🧗 You find that climb is a good idea so you do it. When you arrive at the other side, you note the presence of four peoples, armed and they are waiting for you. Because of your numerical inferiority, you don't hesitate to give them your possessions to live. (-500$)

🚶 You prefer change lightly your way. You climb the embankment of the path where you were and pass some meters like. After having passed the tree, you come back down on the path and resume your way.

🚶 You decide to change of path. For it, you go up to the embankment of your way and progress in the forest. You find, on a dead body, a beautiful item and a lot of money. Knowing that that it will be more useful for you than the body, you take it and continue your forest hike. (+450$, objet)

🚶 You think that climb the tree is too much dangerous and you don't have any tool to cut down it. Consequently, you have to change of way. But because of your bad sense of direction you succeed to lose your way. You arrive to go out of the forest only in the evening. (-3h)

END:

🤷 No knowing what to do, you finish by chose to climb the tree. In a few seconds, you are in the other side, free to continue your way.

🤷 No knowing what to do, you remember that you entered in the forest a short time ago so you decide to retrace your steps.

👥While you are hesitating on what to do, you listen to some noises of footsteps behind you! You don't have the time to turn you around that four men are hurling theirself on you. You faint almost instantly and get up some hours later, stunned and the purse more light. (-20hp, -4h, -500$)
