# Village of the tyrant event

you are so tired that you have difficulties walking. You spot a village, and think that you are saved, and that you will be able to ask them for a housing before continuing your way. You finally arrive at the village, eat a dinner, and someone finds you a place to sleep. You get ready to go, but one of the villager comes to see you, and offers you everything you need, even gold, in exchange of fighting the tyrant of the village.

:crossed_swords: Help the villagers to get rid of the tyrant

:speaking_head: Tell the tyrant about what you have heard

🚶 Don't take any risks and get away as fast as possible.

:crossed_swords: [ 1 ] You siege the tyrant's castle, and before ending it you have a look at the castle, but noone get out. Once the night falls you decide to take some rest, but during the night the tyrant finally gets out with about thirty mens, and attack you camp. You take advantage of the general panic to steal a horse and run away.

:crossed_swords: [ 2 ] With the help of the villagers organise a rebellion ! Sadly, once you decide to attack a guard, the affraid villagers doesn't follow you. The guard success on taking control of you, and hits you with a strong punch on the jaw, and then takes advantage of you being on the ground to steal everything you have. He leaves you there and goes. You are hurt and can no longer get up. (-160 argent, blesse)

:crossed_swords: [ 3 ] You decide to organise a revolt ! However, a villager betrays you, and the guard come from the back. They kill all the villager in front of them in order to capture you. you are then taken to the tyrants castle, and explain him everything. He then orders you to get him to the traitor that asked your help. You accept, and he kills the villager in front of you. you understand to late that he tries to get rid of anyone that could be an issue for him. He hits you at the back, and tell you to never come back. (-15pv)

:crossed_swords: [ 4 ] You go see the tyrant and lie to him, saying that you have an entire army, and that together you could do great things. You also tell him that his village is about to organise a rebellion. After having speaked for a while, he now trusts you, and when you can finally approach him, you get a knife into his heart. The guars immediatly attacks you, one of them try to hit you with his sword, and you dodge it, but an other one charges you, and pierces you with his blade. (-120 pv)

:crossed_swords: [ 5 ] You try to siege the tyrant's castle. The night falls, and you decide to take some rest in front of the castle. He tries to take advantage of this moment to attack you, but a villager alerts everyone. You charge the tyrant, and kill him. the villager thank you for helping them and give you a wallet full of money to thank you for helping them ! (+1500 money)

:crossed_swords: [ 6 ] You go see the tyrant and inform him that his village is organising a rebellion. After having a long chat with him, you gain his trust and hit him at the heart with your knife. The guards instantly come on you and freeze you. One of them suggests to kill you in front of the whole village to make an example, but a revolt takes place ! The villagers charge the guards that decide to escape. They finally give you a wallet with some money to thank you. (+800 argent)

:crossed_swords: [ 7 ] You go see the tyrant to inform him that a rebellion is taking place. After having a long chat with him, he finally trusts you, and you approach him in order to get you knife into his heart. Some loyal guard get on you, but other wishing the tyrant to leave helps you escaping. Once you get back to the village, the villagers decide to give you some money and an item that could be very useful. (+100 argemt, +objet)

:speaking_head: [ 1 ] You go see the tyrant, and inform him about the request of the villager. You help him finding the villager, and he thank you after finding him.

:speaking_head: [ 2 ] You go see the tyrant, and inform him of the presence of a traitor in the village, and that you are ready to find him in exchange of some money. He accepts your deal. You get him to the villager, and he kills him in front of you. He thank you, and give you a wallet. You go, and when checking the wallet, you realize that it only contain a few money. (+300 argent)

:speaking_head: [ 3 ] You go see the local leader in order to inform him about the villagers request, and that you can help him find this villager in exchange of some money. He accepts you offer, and you together find the man. When you ask for your money, he says that he won't give you anything. You begin to be angry, and threaten him in order to get your request. He finally gives you some pieces. Feeling provokes you take you sword out, but having good reflex, he instantly unarm you, and leave you alone. You then go with this small reward. (+100 argemt)

:speaking_head: [ 4 ] You go see the leader, but the guards doesn't let you in. You inform them that it is really important, but they still kept their decision, and threatened you. You told them a curse and finally go, powerless. (neutre)

:speaking_head: [ 5 ] You decide to inform the leader about what you have heard, but on your way you meet an other villager that guessed your intention of betraying the village. You ask them to let your cross your way, but other villagers arrive, and circle you. They set you on the ground and hit you, but you get up, and ran out of the village. Once out of danger, you fall on the ground because of your injuries.

🚶 [ 1 ] You decide to don't take part in this madness and go as fast as you can. Sadly on your way you met a money avid guard that asked you to stop. He hit you before immobilizing you and stealing you everything interesting. (-4 pv, -300 argent)

🚶 [ 2 ] No wating to risk your life. you decline the offer. You leave thanking the villager for having gived you a warm welcome.

🚶 [ 3 ] You annouce that you are tired, and they find you a place to have some rest. You take advantage of the night to get away of the village. (+10 pv)

🚶 [ 4 ] You tell them that you can't fight the leader because you are too tired. They get you a place to sleep. During the night you decide to steal them, and you then run as fast as you can. (+item)

🚶 [ 5 ] You tell the villagers that you are tired, and that you need a night in order to get ready. They accept, and once the night has fallen you get all your stuff and run. In the rush you didn't realised you had lost your wallet. (-250 argent)

End [ 1 ] You think about the villagers offer, and don't answer. He insists, and you finally go without a word.

End [ 2 ] You don't react, and once the villager was gone, you left the village in order to not getting any trouble with the tyrant.
