Fight in the Tavern

:right_facing_fist: After a long walk, you enter in a quite big city. You decide to go in a hostel to get some rest. When entering, you get in front of two impressive mens, that are both two heads higher than you. They seem to contest each other, and they are about to fight.

:raised_hands: Try to separate them.

:beer: Ignore them and go to the bar.

:person_walking: Turn around and get out of the hostel.

:punch: Take part in the fight.

:moneybag: Take part of the situation and organize a bet.

:raised_hands:You intervene before the blows go off and manage to separate the two men. They explain their problem to you and you manage to find a solution that suits everyone. To thank you, the innkeeper offers you some rooms. (+200 gold) :raised_hands:Attempting to intervene, you take a punch from one of the two men. You then lose consciousness for several minutes:confounded: (-10 hp) :raised_hands:You manage to separate the two men with the help of other people who were also present on stage and can now enjoy the bar. You drink a lot, and end up drunk (:zany_face: )

:raised_hands:You come between the two men. One of them, caught in his impulse to strike, then knocks out a bard trying to avoid you. You give him first aid and he thanks you with a reward (+1 item)

:beer:You decide to ignore the conflict. As you pass by, you receive a chair thrown by one of the two men and fall unconscious:confounded: (-20 hp)
:beer:You completely ignore the conflict and try to bypass one of the two men. He turns around and asks you why you are looking at him sideways. You don't have time to explain that it's a misunderstanding, that you're being punched. (-10 hp)

:beer:You decide to ignore the conflict. Other people intervene to calm the two men down. You then go around the stage and order a drink. Drinking is good for you: you feel great. (+20 hp -10min)

:person_walking:You tell yourself that the situation can quickly degenerate, so you leave the hostel and continue on your way.

:person_walking: You get scared and quickly turn back. During your escape, you get lost in the city. It then takes several hours to find your way back. (-2h)

:person_walking: You tell yourself that the situation can quickly degenerate. You are about to leave the hostel when you see a purse full of money on a table. You retrieve it discreetly while everyone is focused on the two men and leave. (+200 gold)

:person_walking:You tell yourself that the situation can quickly degenerate. As the town is quite large, you leave to find another hostel a few metres from here and order a drink there. (+5 hp -30 min)

:punch:You decide to take part in the fight. You can see that one of the two men is much more aggressive. You then team up with the other man to control him. You succeed and he thanks you with a reward and offers you a drink. You then talk with him for a while. (+ 1 object, -30 min)

:punch:You decide to take part in the fight. However, the two men don't appreciate your meddling in their affairs. They beat you up and throw you out of the hostel. :confounded: (-30 hp)

> :punch:You decide to intervene. You get closer, and others do the same. The number of people around them impresses the protagonists, and they stop immediately. The evening resumes in the general calm, you even get on well with the innkeeper, and chat for a few minutes (-10 min)

:moneybag: Unfortunately, no one participates in your bet. So you head to the bar for a drink. But moderation is not one of your qualities, and you slump down on the table to sleep (-3h).

:moneybag:You find a large number of volunteers. The fight turns in your favour and you manage to make a rather important profit (+500 gold)

:moneybag:You find a large number of participants. Unfortunately, the fight doesn't turn in your favour, so you lose a lot of money. (-250 gold)

(end) You are frozen in front of this situation. However, the innkeeper manages to separate the two men. You are then relieved that the situation has not degenerated.

(end) You freeze and find yourself in the middle of the fight. You get caught up in the hustle and bustle. :confounded: (-10 hp)
